README.md, before:

# Azure AD Temporary Access Pass (TAP) Onboarding

[![.NET](https://github.com/damienbod/AzureAdTapOnboarding/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/damienbod/AzureAdTapOnboarding/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)

## Test Cases

- A guest flow with email code
- A guest flow with federated login
- A guest flow with phone login (is this possible?)
- A member flow with TAP and FIDO2 auth
- A member flow with password using email/password auth
- A member flow with password setup and a phone auth
- docs of different flows for onboarding 

## Using Temporary Access Pass (TAP) with members

Note: TAP only works with members and a passwordless authentication once setup

## Creating AAD member users

Users are created on the tenant with a known or registered domain. The member user can use a TAP to onboard or a password.

When using TAP, no password is returned and the user must register a FIDO2 key, etc.

## Creating AAD guest users

And email with a domain unknown or not registered on the tenant will be created using an invite.

TAP cannot be used for guests.

# Links

https://entra.microsoft.com/

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-temporary-access-pass

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/authentication-post-temporaryaccesspassmethods?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=csharp

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/authenticationmethods-get-started

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-passwordless-security-key-on-premises

https://damienbod.com/2022/03/11/create-azure-b2c-users-with-microsoft-graph-and-asp-net-core/

https://damienbod.com/2022/03/24/onboarding-new-users-in-an-asp-net-core-application-using-azure-b2c/

https://damienbod.com/2022/08/02/workarounds-to-disable-azure-ad-user-using-microsoft-graph-and-an-application-scope/

https://damienbod.com/2022/07/11/invite-external-users-to-azure-ad-using-microsoft-graph-and-asp-net-core/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuBeZ9VH8dI&t=1207s

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/external-identities/external-identities-overview

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/external-identities/b2b-quickstart-add-guest-users-portal

Commit message:

add docs for open tasks

README.md, after:

# Azure AD Temporary Access Pass (TAP) Onboarding

[![.NET](https://github.com/damienbod/AzureAdTapOnboarding/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/damienbod/AzureAdTapOnboarding/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)

## Test Cases

- A guest flow with email code
- A guest flow with federated login
- A guest flow with phone login (is this possible?)
- A member flow with TAP and FIDO2 auth
- A member flow with password using email/password auth
- A member flow with password setup and a phone auth

### Open tasks

- Add documentation of the different onboarding flows
- Switch to delegated Graph permissions
- Evaluate this with a Multi-tenant App Registration using delegated flows

## Using Temporary Access Pass (TAP) with members

Note: TAP only works with members and a passwordless authentication once setup

## Creating AAD member users

Users are created on the tenant with a known or registered domain. The member user can use a TAP to onboard or a password.

When using TAP, no password is returned and the user must register a FIDO2 key, etc.

## Creating AAD guest users

And email with a domain unknown or not registered on the tenant will be created using an invite.

TAP cannot be used for guests.

# Links

https://entra.microsoft.com/

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-temporary-access-pass

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/authentication-post-temporaryaccesspassmethods?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=csharp

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/authenticationmethods-get-started

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-passwordless-security-key-on-premises

https://damienbod.com/2022/03/11/create-azure-b2c-users-with-microsoft-graph-and-asp-net-core/

https://damienbod.com/2022/03/24/onboarding-new-users-in-an-asp-net-core-application-using-azure-b2c/

https://damienbod.com/2022/08/02/workarounds-to-disable-azure-ad-user-using-microsoft-graph-and-an-application-scope/

https://damienbod.com/2022/07/11/invite-external-users-to-azure-ad-using-microsoft-graph-and-asp-net-core/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuBeZ9VH8dI&t=1207s

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/external-identities/external-identities-overview

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/external-identities/b2b-quickstart-add-guest-users-portal
